Prepare v2.24.0 (#2257)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

x.x.x Release notes (yyyy-MM-dd)
=============================================================
### Enhancements

> * Add the method `Realm._updateSchema` to perform schema manipulation. Specifically creating an object schema and a property on an existing object schema. (partly solving [#2216](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/2216))

Reviewer: Why are we mentioning a private method in the public changelog? Shouldn't it be moved to Internal?

> * Add the method `Realm._updateSchema` to perform schema manipulation. Specifically creating an object schema and a property on an existing object schema. (partly solving [#2216](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/2216))

Reviewer 2: In my opinion it's too easy to confuse `Realm._updateSchema` for a static method on the `Realm` class instead of a method on an instance of `Realm` (which it is). That was why I formulated the original note as I did.

```suggestion
* Add the method `realm._updateSchema` to perform schema manipulation on an open Realm. Specifically creating an object schema and a property on an existing object schema are tested. It's undocumented as it's not fully tested and the API is subject to change. (partly solving [#2216](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/2216))
```

* Add support for React Native v0.58. ([#2239](https://github.com/realm/realm-js/issues/2239))

### Fixed

> * Fixed an assertion failure after creating an object with a null int primary key in a synchronized Realm. ([#3227](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/3227))

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Fixed an assertion failure when using a synchronized Realm and an object was created after another object was created with an int primary key of `null`. ([#3227](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/3227))
```
